The Joe Rogan experience.
Um, listen,
we claim to be the greatest nation on the face of this earth.
I have a problem with that and don't get me wrong. I'm a Patriot.
I love my country, but I do have a problem with that statement.
And I'll say that perhaps we are the greatest nation on the face of this earth.
Technologically, after all,
we put a man on the moon,
we invented the technology to carry that man to the moon safely
and allow him to walk around, get back in his, uh,
lunar module and come back to earth safely. We invented that technology.
Not only that when he was, when,
when Neil Armstrong was up there and walking around and made that famous, um,
one small step for man one giant leap for mankind quote,
we were able to talk with him, live all the way from earth,
NASA headquarters, all the way to the,
to the moon live via satellite radio phone.
We invented that technology Americans, everybody, you know,
has a cell phone. Everybody, you know,
has email hit a few words that a few numbers hit send.
You're talking to people next door in Nevada, or over in Africa,
China, Australia, wherever you want to talk anyone on the face of this earth,
we invented that technology.
So how is it that we as Americans can talk to people
as far away as the moon or anywhere on the face of this earth yet?
So many of us have difficulty talking to the American
who lives right next door, because he or she is a different color,
a different religion, a different ethnicity, a different persuasion,
a different whatever.
It seems to me that before we can call ourselves the greatest,
our ideology needs to catch up to our technology.
And when we get ourselves up there, both of them up there,
then we can truly brag about how great we are,
because we are living in the 21st century.
We are living in space age times yet.
There are still so many of us thinking we're stone-age minds.
What is this doing in the 21st century? What was it doing in any century?
But yet in the 21st century, you gotta be kidding me.
Well,
it brings me back to what you were saying earlier that the problem is education.
The problem is ignorance, right? And the,
the solution to education is ignorance.
And this is sort of the same thing when it comes to radicalizing young
people online, right? The,
one of the reasons why that works at all is because he's young.
People are susceptible to other ideas because their intelligence immune
system is very low. They don't have a lot of data.
They don't have a lot of education.
They don't have a lot of information and they don't have a lot of perspective,
so they can be sticky, could be tricked. They can be roped in.
And this is, this is the same with everything.
This is the same with what you were talking about with not trusting your
neighbors,
because there are different nationality or different color and not communicating
with people that are any different than you. And then being toxically, tribal.
It's all kind of the same thing. It's like,
there's a lack of understanding of what the consequences of that are globally
and in personally to your own life.
Well, again, you know, uh, back back to minds,
minds is going to help those young kids get, get those perspectives.
W we'll have people on there who,
who were the experts and sucking those kids into, into these, uh, things. Um,
I know a former, um, uh, Jihadi,
a recruiter for ISIS who used to recruit kids to put them in
ISIS here in the states. Okay. Get him, uh,
Jeff scoop the guy from, from, uh, the NSM.
He knew what to do in order to lure people into his movement. What's the NSM,
a national socialist movement and Nazis. Um, yeah,
so these people are willing to help on minds and help,
um, point out these different things,
the little telltale signs as to what to look for, you know, you know,
so parents can see, can spot what, oh no, this doesn't sound right. You blah,
blah, blah, right. To get my kid off of here and give kids.
A better perspectives, Mayans, have a video component to it, or it will.
It will absolutely my working on that.
Now see that that is a, for better. I mean, whether it's correct or not,
that's a,
apparently the people that are really worried about people being radicalized
online, they're more concerned with that than anything else with video,
there's something about the compelling videos.
And you find the music and the video and they can guess, oh yeah, kids grabbed,
you know, cause they play video games all day. It lures them in. But uh,
you know, back to what I was saying before and that until I finish it,
what's happening, that, that we, we don't see in the media a lot is this,
when I was a kid, um,
the black population in this country was 12%,
11.9, 12%
native Americans, just under 1%, uh, Hispanic people,
Latino people, two and 3% Asians, 4%, um,
white people, 84, 80 6%.
So white people have the supremacist type mindset,
their biggest, their biggest nemesis. Of course, we're black people at 12%,
whoa, that's way too much. You know,
they didn't care anything about native Americans.
Their attitude was that's just 1%, stick them on a reservation,
forget about them. Right. Um, and that's where these negative terms come from.
You know, that a lot of people don't realize are, are, are insulting terms.
You know, when you say somebody has gone off the reservation, uh,
you've heard that term before, right? Yeah.
I never even thought of that.
Just now. Exactly. Yeah. Wow. You see what I'm saying? You don't realize it's a,
it's a, it's a negative term.
Or when somebody says that's not your cotton picking business.
Uh okay. Who picked cotton, right, right. Okay.
I thought it was a nice way of saying you know,
like you wouldn't like people say freaking,
it's none of your kind of pick and biz, but yeah.
Yeah. Or, or when somebody comes from the wrong side of the tracks.
Uh, yeah. That.
One's obvious the railroad track divided blacks on one side whites on the other.
Yeah. The wrong side. Of course it was the black side. Um, but anyway,
so the biggest nemesis,
if they were of that supremacist mindset were black people, 12%.
It's too much right now today,
black people, we remain at 12%. We've not grown 12.6.
If you look at 2017 census, we have not grown.
12% native Americans are still at 1%. Um, uh,
Asians are at 6%. Hispanics have surpassed us.
They're like at 13% or something just above 13%.
So let's just take 12% black,
13% Hispanic, let alone 6% Asian or whatever.
That's 25% non white. This is happening.
Okay. And it's well predicted by 2042,
which is 22 years from now,
this country for the first time in history will be 50% white and
50% non-white downtown.
Right? So the story you're seeing is true now,
um,
that is a very hard pill to swallow for people of
that mindset. They're becoming unhinged and disconcerted.
You know, when you use.
The day will not replace us. Right.
Precisely exactly. Now you're getting it. Exactly. And,
um,
that's what they call the Browning of America and the white genocide.
And see what they're doing as these groups are stepping up their recruitment
efforts now, because one of the, one of the main problems in this,
in this country, or one of the main concerns is illegal immigration.
So these groups are saying, Hey, you know,
we're against illegal immigration to come, come join us. You know,
they're getting on, on a legitimate bandwagon.
But when they say illegal immigration, it's a code word.
It's a code word for people from south America, Mexico, west Africa.
Okay.
Because there are plenty of people here in this country right now who are here
from Canada. Nobody.
Gives a about Canadians coming in here.
Exactly Canadians or, or people from, um,
the UK or Eastern Europe, because they look and.
Speak perfect English. They slide.
Right in. And it doesn't even matter if they speak perfect English or not.
If you're, you know, the, these Nazis and clamp, it will tell Darrell,
I don't want my grandkids to be brown. Well, you know, if, if they're,
if they're a kid were to marry somebody from Canada,
the grandkids going to be white, or the UK of Eastern Europe there'll be white.
But if they let their grandkids marry somebody from El Salvador or Guatemala or
Nigeria, oh, heaven forbid, right. Oh, is the trouble?
So what happens is this? They said, come join us. You know,
we're going to take our country back. We're going to build that wall, blah,
blah, blah. So people, you know, people see the landscape changing, you know?
And so they go and join these groups and the group doesn't do anything.
So then what happens is say, you know, what, if the clan can't do it at the NSM,
can't do it. I'll do it myself. And that's when they walk into a synagogue,
boom, boom, boom, or into a black church, boom or El Paso, blah, blah, blah,
boom. Okay. These are called lone wolves.
Now we have intelligence agencies or whatever that can infiltrate
some of these groups and get in there and get all the stuff and foil those
plots, you know, gather intelligence,
but you cannot infiltrate a lone Wolf. There's only one person, right?
And as we get closer and closer to 2042,
unfortunately we're going to see more and more of these lone wolves.
And that's what we have to watch out for.
So you notice that every time one of these white supremacist types gets busted
and they go and raid his home,
where do they find a whole cache of automatic weapons and all that kind of
stuff. That's for the race war.